alright hey guys time for video number
four hey I want to do something a little
bit more chill a little bit more relaxed
so without further ado here are the 11
things but I wish I knew before
University number one is that friends
are gonna come and go especially in your
first year especially in freshers week
you're gonna be meeting so so many
people some of them you're later gonna
find out that you don't like some of
them you're gonna become closer to and
you're gonna exchange friends along the
way quite often so don't be afraid to
turn away from toxic friends and move to
those people who you feel more
comfortable with than you feel who are
better suited teams that you enjoy also
don't rush into who you want to live
with in your second year take your time
to figure out who you're closest to you
think will make a best roommate and then
make it like good calculated decision
number two
definitely get involved in societies
when I was in my first and second year I
really didn't do all that much outside
of studying so getting involved in
societies whether that be sports
languages space research whatever it is
it's just so much fun it gives you a
sense of purpose of working with other
people towards a common goal and it
really helps improve that your time at
university it also gives you a different
group of friends to be around who aren't
necessarily studying the same thing on
your course so it's a good change from
your everyday routine number three for
those of you in the US and Canada make
sure you take some fun electives in the
US and Canada you're able to take
courses the heart necessarily to do with
your primary majors or minors for
example I was studying life sciences but
I also did ancient Egyptian I took a
four year course on Shakespeare and that
really helps break up your regular
schoolwork and it's a lot of fun to do
number four is a big one so this is
something I really really should have
known it my first year would have saved
me so much money it's the fact that you
don't need to buy textbooks if you find
out for a course that it's absolutely
necessary you buy some textbooks is
second-hand on Amazon there's no point
buying books on you because they're so
overly expensive and you're gonna have a
really hard time selling them for
falling gear because they keep coming up
with new editions you can find PDFs
online
I'm just ask around with the second
years and third years they'll probably
be willing to lend you some number five
take full advantage of libraries don't
stay cooped up in your room studying all
day libraries are
a good way to meet new people to hang
out with your friends outside of
obviously what you're studying I'm just
to get a good change of atmosphere if
you stay in your room all day can really
affect your mental health and getting
outside is uneven get at new places that
make something useful also as a side
note take advantage of the Facebook
groups that exist for your courses and
your subjects so it usually be a
Facebook group where students ask each
other questions they post useful
materials maybe some past exams
these are really really useful so
definitely look for that number six
University is a lot of fun but there's
also a lot of work that goes into it to
go to the parties hang out with your
friends do all the social events but
don't forget why you're actually there
that's to get a degree these few years
of hard work are gonna set you up for
the rest of your life or at least play a
pretty large role in math so it's still
important that you do really well take
the time to enjoy yourself but also make
sure there's enough time for studying
number seven you should probably learn
to cook cooking at home or in your dorm
room can save you so much time and money
in comparison to buying
takeout every day trust me your body's
gonna thank you for it in the future
number eight don't be afraid to change
your studying habits so when you first
go to university the method that you
used to take notes is probably gonna be
different than when you leave your stops
gonna change a lot just find what works
for you what's most comfortable and what
helps you learn the best number nine as
much of a mom as I'm gonna sound saying
goes to you time management is so so key
because you're gonna have to juggle so
many different activities so many
assignments everything altogether can be
quite overwhelming if you have some free
time starting an assignment a couple of
weeks early is getting a really healthy
thought up a line I need to make sure
you do your plans and you know what
events you want to go to you plan ahead
so that you don't end up in a sticky
situation we have a bunch of deadlines I
got enough time to do them number of 10
is a bit more of a serious one reach out
to others for help and support if you
need it
University usually has a lot of services
for counseling or support for any
students that need it the university can
be very hard at times I know there's
often that stigma where you have to
tough it out and just push through all
the hard work and all the hard times the
university can be really tough and you
can really take a toll on you so if you
need that help search for it because
there are people out there who want to
help and finally number 11 if you can't
study abroad do it get yourself immersed
in a new culture go doing
you country and you'll have so many fun
experiences and something you're really
gonna appreciate down the line and who
knows it might even open up doors to new
careers new opportunities that you
hadn't even thought of okay so those are
the 11 things that I wish I knew before
I did any university I hope this helps a
couple of you all the super exciting
time and a lot is gonna happen between
now then so just enjoy your summer
realize when the time comes it comes so
yeah guys thanks so much for watching
don't forget to like this video
subscribe if you want to see more videos
from me and yeah I'll see you guys in
the next one peace